my name is Benatar I am director of
excess global communication PTY limited
exit global communication is a VoIP
service provider we service Africa a
company's five years old we are
providing low-cost international
co-writer in Africa we using IP smart
sausage that be able to deliver to our
clientele total coal shop solution there
is more than 8 million immigrant living
in South Africa and we do have more than
8 million tourists the touring the
country for those community we are
delivering for the best service they be
able to call their family abroad this
year the 2010 world cup will be in South
Africa we are expecting
more than 10 million visitors we are
delivering this community
service for ball in for the way
to support this demand we purchased
lately redundancy and backup system the
sausage from eyepiece mark will ensure
quality and reliability of the system
why we using eyepiece mark source which
they are cost-effective very liable and
user-friendly